life cycle of a meme

memes are like living creatures of sorts, they are created, popularized
and like every other creature, die
These memes follow different path through thier life. to explain this lets classify them on the basis of region.
Each country has events that attratct the interest of difffernt types of people and someone is bound to make a meme on that.
The social media platforms a meme passes through depends on where it originated from and the traget audience of that meme.
American memes are usually first posted on sites like reddit and 4chan. they are then popularised on instagram, twitter and personal messaging apps,
then they are circualted on facebook for eternity.
Indian memes on the other hand are broadly first posted on reddit and instagram, then popularised on more popular instagram pages,twitter and whatsapp,
 they too finally end up on facebook where they are circulated forever.
these are the  paths most memes follow,there are exceptions with a few indian facebook meme pages still making top nitch content. Meme compilations on youtube 
also play a big role in popularizing memes

What is a dead meme?

A dead meme is one that is overused to the extent where it is no longer considered comic worthy to many.A Dead Meme does not have to be old.
Often times a Dead Meme can be revived, if only self-referential, or satirical. If not, it can be considered quite annoying for a Dead Meme to be use.

Where memes go to die
Facebook is the largest social media website in the world.It is the most accesed website in the world after Google and Youtube. Users 65 years and older are 
the fastest-growing group on Facebook. The Younger audience on the internet mainly use instagram,reddit, and youtube for their memes. The huge audienece
on facebook means that memes are circulated for longer.You need to look nno further that the subreddit r/terriblefacebookmemes to understand the pace at 
which memes are used on Facebook. Baby yoda and endgame memes are still shared on facebook even though it has been more than 6 months since the baby yoda
meme was popularised on reddit.


Avreage life sapn of a meme
As this new content ecosystem developed, it was accompanied by the widely accepted notion of Meme Acceleration. That is, the number of memes is constantly
 expanding, while their average lifespans grow shorter. Memes live and die at ever-accelerating rates. While this feels subjectively true, it remains
 largely hypothetical.
A study on this by Joe Veix on the outline.com reveals that memes indeed are being created and dying at a rapid pace. The avrege lifesapan of a meme 
has reduced from 4-5 months in the late 200's to jut around 2 months as of 2018.

conclusion

Memes are more than just images for people to laugh at and move on. They are an expression of the ideas and opinnions of people. 



https://theoutline.com/post/5035/greenwich-meme-time?zd=1&zi=kpbsdi7p




-----------




snoop dogg

Its highly unlikely you havent heard of snoop dogg or heard his song Still dre featuring snoop dogg.West Coast rap legend Snoop Dogg has come a long 
way since being discovered by Dr. Dre in the early 1990s. As impressive as he was when guesting on Dre’s The Chronic in 1992, few could have guessed
 he’d go on to global fame, tens of millions of record sales and a career in movies and TV.

Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. (born October 20, 1971), known professionally as Snoop Dogg, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, producer,
 media personality, entrepreneur, and actor. His music career began in 1992 when he was discovered by Dr. Dre and featured on Dre's solo debut,
 "Deep Cover", and then on Dre's solo debut album, The Chronic. He has since sold over 23 million albums in the United States and 35 million albums
 worldwide.

Snoop's debut album, Doggystyle, produced by Dr. Dre, was released in 1993 by Death Row Records. Bolstered by excitement driven by Snoop's featuring on 
The Chronic, the album debuted at number one on both the Billboard 200 and Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts. Selling almost a million copies in the
 first week of its release, Doggystyle became certified quadruple platinum in 1994 and spawned several hit singles, including "What's My Name?" and 
"Gin & Juice". In 1994 Snoop released a soundtrack on Death Row Records for the short film Murder Was the Case, starring himself. His second album, 
Tha Doggfather (1996), also debuted at number one on both charts, with "Snoop's Upside Ya Head" as the lead single. The album was certified double 
platinum in 1997.

After leaving Death Row Records, Snoop signed with No Limit Records, where he recorded his next three albums, Da Game Is to Be Sold, Not to Be Told (1998),
No Limit Top Dogg (1999), and Tha Last Meal (2000). Snoop then signed with Priority/Capitol/EMI Records in 2002, where he released Paid tha Cost to Be da 
Boss. He then signed with Geffen Records in 2004 for his next three albums, R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece, Tha Blue Carpet Treatment, and Ego 
Trippin'. Malice 'n Wonderland (2009), and Doggumentary (2011) were released on Priority. Snoop Dogg has starred in motion pictures and hosted several 
television shows, including Doggy Fizzle Televizzle, Snoop Dogg's Father Hood, and Dogg After Dark. He also coaches a youth football league and high school
 football team. In September 2009 Snoop was hired by EMI as the chairman of a reactivated Priority Records.

In 2012, after a trip to Jamaica, Snoop announced a conversion to Rastafarianism and a new alias, Snoop Lion. As Snoop Lion he released a reggae album,
 Reincarnated, and a documentary film of the same name, about his Jamaican experience, in early 2013. His 13th studio album, Bush, was released in May 
2015 and marked a return of the Snoop Dogg name. His 14th solo studio album, Coolaid, was released in July 2016. Snoop has 17 Grammy nominations without 
a win. In March 2016, the night before WrestleMania 32 in Arlington, Texas, he was inducted into the celebrity wing of the WWE Hall of Fame, having made 
several appearances for the company, including as Master of Ceremonies during a match at WrestleMania XXIV. In 2018, Snoop announced that he was 
"a born-again Christian" and released his first gospel album, Bible of Love. On November 19, 2018, Snoop Dogg was given a star on the Hollywood Walk
 of Fame. He released his seventeenth solo album, I Wanna Thank Me in 2019.Claiming to be "born again" in 2012, Snoop converted to the Rastafari movement, switched the focus of his music to reggae and 
changed his name to Snoop Lion after a trip to Jamaica. He released a reggae album, Reincarnated, saying, "I have always said I was Bob Marley reincarnated"



Since the start of his career, Snoop has been an avowed cannabis smoker, making it one of the trademarks of his image. In 2002, he announced he was 
giving up cannabis for good; that did not last long (a situation famously referenced in the 2004 Adam Sandler movie 50 First Dates) and in 2013, 
he claimed to be smoking approximately 80 cannabis blunts a day. He has been certified for medical cannabis in California to treat migraines since 
at least 2007.

Snoop claimed in a 2006 interview with Rolling Stone magazine that unlike other hip hop artists who had superficially adopted the pimp persona, 
he was an actual professional pimp in 2003 and 2004, saying, "That shit was my natural calling and once I got involved with it, it became fun. 
It was like shootin' layups for me. I was makin' 'em every time." He went on to say that on the advice of some of the pimps he knew, he eventually
 gave up pimping to spend more time with his family.
    
Currently Snoop Dogg is doing exactly what you think he would be doing. You can catch him on the Double G news network or on his instagram which he usses 
actively.

double g news network
You can



quarantine workout------------------------------------------------------


Gyms and fitness centers around the world are closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.Trying to stay motivated to achieve your fitness goals can seem like a 
tough job at this time. Having a pantry stocked with tasty food that seems irresistible makes it even harder to keep a track of your diet.You may be 
surrounded by friends or family that might not support your goals or agree with your fitness regime. Owning a home gym at this time is a huge boon, but 
that isn't the case with most of us. Buying equipment is also out of the picture as e-commerce giants have restricted their catalogues to essential products.

Here are some tips to help you maintain your gains or at the very least reduce the damage done to  them.

Calisthenics 

Calisthenics is a form of exercise consisting of a variety of movements that exercise large muscle groups, such as running, standing, grasping, pushing, etc. 
These exercises are often performed rhythmically and with minimal equipment, as bodyweight exercises.


If you consider yourself a beginner or even intermediate then you can easily maintain and gain muscle with bodywieght exercises.The key like always is
 volume and variety.Push ups, squats and sit ups are the exercises that most think of when trying to train without equiment but there are many variations 
and types of exercises you can perform to optimise muscle growth. If standard pushups are too hard, try knee pushups. If they are too easy try 
decline or explosive pushups. If you have to perform too many squats to reach failure try pistol squats. They may be hard to perform right off the the bat
 so follow the progressions to do them well. Beginners usually spend too much time training abs. If your goal is getting a six pack, it would make more 
sense to reduce your body fat level first.



Using household items to train

It would be a bad idea to use a broom or mop as a barbell or using plastic chairs as inclined benches, but if you choose wisely, objects around you can be
 used as weights to have a better training session. You can fill a bag with heavy books and put it on to make your leg exercises more challenging.
You can easily perform biceps curls with the bag. Hang on to the ledge of a loft to do pull ups and hanging leg raises, perform chest dips on the corner of
 the kitchen counter. Stuff a few newspapers under a door and put a towel on top of it to do pullups if the lofts aren't sturdy.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKlK17aS2T4&t=1s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNOl3sLzakM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxBZxbjx8mw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N55JQubU1FE

Intensity

 Try to push yourself to failure on every set.

Gym or no gym, may people lack intensity in their workouts. 3 sets of 12 is what is thrown around whenever you ask about the number of reps and sets 
while sets of 8-12 are optimal for muscle hypertrophy (growth) it has to be at an adequate weight. When you workout you should Use 50-75% of your 
one-repetition maximum (1RM) for 3-6 sets of 8-20 repetitions. Put simply, you have to be putting in max effort by your last rep, be it the first or last 
set of your workout. To accurately describe this imagine the effort you would put in to lift a weight if someone were to put a gun to your head or 
offered you 5 crore Rupees, that's how you should feel while performing the last few reps of your set. You don't have much control over the weight in
 this situation so you should perform the maximum amount of reps you can if you want to really gain muscle. If your goal is to just lose fat you don't
 need the same intensity.


Cardio

Going out for a run or walk isn't an option  but if you live in an apartment you can easily use the stairs. Going up and down the stairs at a 
moderate pace for 35-60 minutes 3-4 times a week is what you should aim for. If you want to make it harder you can put on the backpack filled with books.

High Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) is also an option. As the name suggests you do exercises like high knees,Jumping jacks and burpees at your
 best pace and then take a small break and repeat. If done properly, it can be effective. Dancing along to videos can also be considered. 


Diet
 
Fitness is 80% diet and 20% exercise. It doesn't matter if you run for an hour a day only to go home and snack on namkeen and fried food.Calories in; 
Calories out are the basic rule you should follow. Being locked in your house means your energy expenditure is probably lower than it usually is as you
 are less active through the day. To compensate for this try to reduce your portions of carbohydrates and fats a bit. It is hard to stay focused on your
 diet if you have snacks lying around the house. The best way to deal with this is to keep them out of sight to avoid getting tempted. Even elite 
athletes would want to eat junk is they saw them lying around their house. Stock up on low calorie foods with lots of fiber to fill you up just in
 case you get hungry. Some foods like meats might not be available at this time, eggs are easily available in most areas though. Egg whites are extremely 
satiating and high in protein, so eat them regularly. The yolks are a good source of healthy fats and contain protein too. 

Sleep and Stress

These are the most underrated factors.

Cortisol is the stress hormone and it reduces muscle growth, increases fat cell production and muscle loss. When you sleep less, your body starts to burn 
calories at a slower rate to preserve energy. In the study, people burned on average 400 more calories by sleeping for three more hours—that's an additional
 2,800 calories burned in just one week. With less sleep, the body seeks to meet the increased metabolic needs of longer working hours by shifting into a 
lower gear, so to speak, that burns fewer calories and less fat. While most see this as an opportunity to binge a tv show throughout the night, you would be
 better off getting your sleep schedule right. Find out more about the benifits of sleep.


sleep---------------


They call me a mad man for sleeping at 12:30 AM in a boys hostel back in college but they havent seen all the Youtube videos on how benificial sleep is that
I have. Most of us spend precious time before bed scrolling through social media or watching videos. Here are a few points that might just convince you 
to skip out on some of those videos.

stages of sleep



There are 4 stages of sleep , NREM stage1, NREM stage 2, NREM stage 3 and REM sleep. It is important to realize that sleep does not progress through these stages in sequence. 
Sleep begins in stage 1 and progresses into stages 2, and 3. After stage 3 sleep, stage 2 sleep is repeated before entering REM sleep. Once REM sleep 
is over, the body usually returns to stage 2 sleep. Sleep cycles through these stages approximately four or five times throughout the night. Dreams occour
 during REM sleep.


fat loss


A study from 2018 had a group of participants on a calorie restricted diet. they set up 2 groups, one that slept normal hours and one that slept one hour 
less per night. Both groups lost equal amounts of weight but the group that slept enough hours lost almost 83% of that weight in fat while the other group
 lost 85%of that weight in lean mass (includes glycogen stored in muscle) and muscle. 

Leptin tells your brain that you’ve had enough to eat. Without enough sleep, your brain reduces leptin and raises ghrelin, which is an appetite stimulant.
 The flux of these hormones could explain nighttime snacking or why someone may overeat later in the night.

----------
 
Blood Pressure

High blood pressure. During normal sleep, your blood pressure goes down. Having sleep problems means your blood pressure stays higher for a longer amount of
 time. High blood pressure is one of the leading risks for heart disease and stroke. About 75 million Americans—one in three adults—have high blood 
pressure.

------------

stress

When your body is sleep deficient, it goes into a state of stress. The body's functions are put on high alert, which causes high blood pressure and the 
production of stress hormones. High blood pressure increases your risk for heart attack and stroke, and the stress hormones make it harder to fall asleep.

--------------

Sleep Deprivation Is Associated with Smaller Testicles

A study showed that Men with the poorest quality sleep had testes that were significantly smaller than men with the highest quality sleep.

-------------------

Sleep and moods


Think about how one bad night’s sleep, or not enough sleep, makes you feel the next day. For many of us, we’re grumpy and irritable 
and we have no energy. We can overreact when things don’t go our way, and we may find we’re less excited if something good happens. 
So it is easy to see how ongoing sleeplessness can be a worry. Long term sleep deficiency can significantly affect your mood. Sleeplessness and mood
 disorders are closely linked and it can work both ways – sleep loss can affect your mood, and your mood can affect how much and how
 well you sleep. 

Studies show people who are sleep deprived report increases in negative moods (anger, frustration, irritability, sadness) and decreases in positive moods.
 And sleeplessness is often a symptom of mood disorders, such as depression and anxiety. It can also raise the risk of, and even contribute to, developing 
some mood disorders.

---------------------
concentration

Scientists measuring sleepiness have found that sleep deprivation leads to lower alertness and concentration. It’s more difficult to focus and pay 
attention, so you’re more easily confused. This hampers your ability to perform tasks that require logical reasoning or complex thought.
Sleepiness also impairs judgment. Making decisions is more difficult because you can’t assess situations as well and pick the right behavior.
-----------------
How much sleep do you need?

How much sleep you need depends on your age, physical activity levels, and general health. 

Children and teenagers need 9–10 hours of sleep a night. Younger children tend to go to sleep earlier and wake earlier. As children grow into teenagers,
 they seem to get tired later and sleep in later.
Adults need around 7-9 hours of sleep each night.

-------------------
learning

Sleep deprivation affects your ability to learn in two ways. Because you can’t focus as well, it’s more difficult to pick up information, so you can’t learn
 efficiently. It also affects memory, which is essential to learning. In children, sleepiness can lead to hyperactivity, also hampering learning.
 Teens may lose the focus, diligence, and memory capacity to perform well in school.

--------------------
Reaction time

Sleepiness makes your reaction time slower, a special problem when driving or doing work or other tasks that require a quick response. The National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration conservatively estimates that at least 100,000 crashes reported to police each year are due to driver fatigue. Other
 estimates put that number at 1 million this is 20% of all crashes in America.

You don’t need to fall asleep at the wheel to be a danger, drowsiness alone can be as dangerous as driving drunk. Driving while sleepy is like driving
 with a blood alcohol content of .08%, for reference the blood alcohol content (BAC) legal limit is 0.03% in India.

------------------
Sleep deprivation can have important consequences on your health, and, in extreme situations, may even lead to death. While you can negate the effects of
 short term sleep deprivation, it is hard to know whether you can make up for sleep you lost months or years ago.

If you struggle to get sufficient sleep, talk to your doctor so you can get professional help with your sleep deprivation. Whether your lack of sleep
 is due to a lifestyle issue or a health issue, your medical team can help you come up with a plan so that you will be able to get enough sleep.


----------------------------------------------------

George Kusunoki Miller

George Kusunoki Miller (born 18 September 1992[2]), better known by his stage name Joji and formerly by his online aliases Filthy Frank and Pink Guy, is a Japanese singer, songwriter, rapper, record producer, author, and former Internet personality and comedian.
Miller's start as an entertainer began on his now defunct YouTube channels, DizastaMusic, TooDamnFilthy, and TVFilthyFrank,[10] that consisted of rap songs, rants, extreme challenges, ukulele performances[11] and a shock humor show titled The Filthy Frank Show, with most of the main characters played by Miller, including the titular character of Filthy Frank.[12][13] To complement his TVFilthyFrank channel, Miller produced comedy hip hop music under his Pink Guy alias, who is also a zentai-wearing recurring character on The Filthy Frank Show, with his songs featured on the show and his discography spanning two full-length projects and an extended play. Miller's videos had widespread impact, including starting a viral dance craze known as the Harlem Shake, which was directly responsible for the debut of Baauer's "Harlem Shake" song atop the Billboard Hot 100.[14][15] Many YouTube personalities have made major or cameo appearances on The Filthy Frank Show, including h3h3Productions, iDubbbz, JonTron, Michael Stevens, and PewDiePie.[16][17][18]

In December 2017, Miller stated he had retired the channel to focus on his music career, under the name Joji, producing more nuanced and serious music, releasing the EP In Tongues, which peaked at number 58 on the Billboard 200, and his debut studio album Ballads 1, which reached number 1 on Billboard's top R&B and hip-hop chart in November 2018. With this, Miller became the first Asian-born artist to do so.[19] Miller's music has been described as a mix between R&B, lo-fi and trip hop.

The Filthy Frank Show (2011–2017)
Miller created the Filthy Frank character during his time on his DizastaMusic YouTube channel, on which he created sketch comedy-based content. The channel started gaining popularity once he conceptualised Filthy Frank, a character who is described as the anti-vlogger of YouTube, in September 2015.[23] The first known video on this particular channel (before his creation of the Frank character) was uploaded on 19 June 2008, and was titled "Lil Jon falls off a table".[24] The DizastaMusic channel has over 915,000 subscribers and is nearing 170 million views as of September 2019.[25] On 15 August 2014, Miller uploaded a video to the DizastaMusic channel, announcing that he would not be posting any more video content onto the channel, under the risk of losing the channel due to the numerous copyright and community strikes it received.[26]

On Miller's channel, TVFilthyFrank, he had many different series on his channel, such as "Food" (和食ラップ), "Japanese 101", "Wild Games" and "Loser Reads Hater Comments". This channel currently has a total of 7.01 million subscribers and 1.02 billion views as of January 2020.[27][28] Miller opened a third channel, TooDamnFilthy, on 1 July 2014.[29] On this channel he had two series, "Japanese 101", which is also featured on his main channel, and "Cringe of the Week", which is usually abbreviated to "COTW".[30] As of September 2019, TooDamnFilthy has 2.1 million subscribers and 258 million views.[29]

On 27 September 2017, Miller announced the release of his first and currently only book, titled Francis of the Filth, which addresses things uncovered in The Filthy Frank Show, and serves as a culmination of the series.[31]

On 29 December 2017, Miller released a statement on Twitter explaining that he had stopped producing comedy, including Filthy Frank, due to both "serious health conditions" and his personal lack of interest in continuing the series.[13][32] In September 2018, Miller stated in a BBC Radio 1 interview that he had no choice but to stop producing comedy due to his health condition.[33]

Legacy
Miller's Filthy Frank show has had a profound impact on internet culture, responsible for creating many internet memes.[34] Miller's show has been hailed as "the epitome of odd".[34]

Miller's videos had widespread impact, which included starting a viral dance craze known as the Harlem Shake back in 2013, which was directly responsible for the debut of Baauer's "Harlem Shake" song atop the Billboard Hot 100.[14][15] Fellow YouTuber and friend of Miller, Ethan Klein (also known under his alias of h3h3Productions) described Filthy Frank as the greatest YouTuber of all time in a 2017 interview with First We Feast.[35]\

Pink Guy (2014–2017)
"Pink Guy" redirects here. For Michael Maxfield, see Pink Man.
Miller has a passion for music composition. He has expressed that even before his YouTube career, he always had an interest in creating music and created his YouTube channel as a means of promoting his music. In an interview with Pigeons and Planes, he said, "I've always wanted to make normal music. I just started the YouTube channel to kind of bump my music. But then Filthy Frank and the Pink Guy stuff ended up getting way bigger than I thought so I had to kind of roll with it."[12]

Miller's music under Pink Guy is often comical, staying true to the nature of his YouTube channel. His debut album, Pink Season, debuted at number 70 on the Billboard 200.[12][36] Under his comedy rap stage name, Pink Guy, Miller has produced one mixtape, one album, and one extended play, Pink Guy, Pink Season, and Pink Season: The Prophecy, respectively. On 16 March 2017, Miller performed for the first time as Pink Guy at SXSW.[37] Future plans were stated to include a "long overdue" tour, a third Pink Guy album and more progress on his personal music outside of the Pink Guy persona.[citation needed]

However, as of 29 December 2017, Joji has ceased production of all Filthy Frank-related content, including Pink Guy music.[12][13]

Joji (2015–present)
Aside from the comedic and often rap-based music he created under the Pink Guy alias, Miller also created more serious and traditional music under another stage name, Joji, which became his primary focus in late 2017. Speaking on his transition from his YouTube career to his music career as Joji, Miller said to Billboard "now I get to do stuff that I want to hear."[38] In the article by Billboard, he specified that 'Joji' isn't a character like Filthy Frank and Pink Guy. "I guess that's the difference," he continues. "Joji's just me."[39]

During his time growing up in Higashinada-ku, Kobe, Japan, Miller began to produce music and sing with friends as a side-hobby and a way to pass the time. After relocating to Manhattan, New York, Miller expanded upon his music career by starting his Pink Guy persona, which paved the way for his Joji persona.[4] Miller originally announced his Joji album on 3 May 2014 alongside the first Pink Guy album. However, Miller subtly cancelled the project until he began releasing music under the name PinkOmega.[40] Miller released two songs as PinkOmega: "Dumplings" on 4 June 2015[41] and "wefllagn.ii 5" on 28 August 2015,[42] both of which were later released on the Pink Guy album Pink Season, the latter being re-titled "We Fall Again".

Miller intended to keep the music made under Joji a secret from his fanbase due to them mainly wanting his comedic music. In late 2015, two singles were released, titled "Thom" and "You Suck Charlie"; both were released under a false alias, but it was quickly leaked that the user behind the account was Miller,[43] which prompted him in January 2016 to publicly announce on Instagram that he was releasing a full-length commercial project titled Chloe Burbank: Volume 1. In the same post, he linked his SoundCloud account.[44]

In 2017, Joji released several songs via the YouTube channel of Asian music label 88rising, the songs "I Don't Wanna Waste My Time", released on 26 April 2017, "Rain on Me", released on 19 July 2017,[45][46][47] and "Will He", released on 17 October 2017.[48] Joji was featured in the song "Nomadic" with the Chinese rap group Higher Brothers.[49] Miller performed live as Joji for the first time on 18 May 2017 in Los Angeles. The event was streamed by the Boiler Room.[50] On 17 October 2017, Miller released the debut single from his debut commercial project, In Tongues.[51] The single, titled "Will He", was released on platforms Spotify and iTunes.[48]

Miller's debut project under the moniker Joji, an EP titled In Tongues, was released on 3 November 2017 by Empire Distribution.[51] A deluxe version of the EP was released on 14 February 2018 with 8 remixes of songs from the EP along with the release of "Plastic Taste" and "I Don't Wanna Waste My Time" as part of the track listing.[52] Joji released the song "Yeah Right" in May 2018, becoming his first to chart on a Billboard chart, peaking at 23 on the Billboard R&B Songs chart.[53]

Miller debuted Ballads 1 under the label 88rising on 26 October 2018, which quickly peaked the Billboard Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums Chart.[54] Shortly after its release, Miller announced a North American tour, spanning 9 dates in early 2019.[55] At that time, he was already on tour for Ballads 1 in Europe.

On 4 June 2019, Miller announced his new single titled "Sanctuary" through his Instagram page and released it on 14 June. It was accompanied by a music video, which was uploaded to 88rising's official YouTube channel.[56]

Joji was featured in the song "Where Does the Time Go?" with Indonesian rapper Rich Brian on his second album The Sailor.[57]

On 30 January 2020, Miller announced another new single, "Run", which released at midnight on 6 February 2020 alongside a music video released later that day.[58][59] On 2 March 2020, he performed the song on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.[60][61]

On 16 April 2020, Joji announced another new single "Gimme Love" which released at midnight, and along with, announced his upcoming album, Nectar, which is set to be released on 10 July 2020.[citation needed]

Musical style
Joji's music has been described as trip hop and lo-fi[7] that blends elements of trap, folk, electronic, and R&B.[62] His songs have been characterized as having "down tempo, melancholic themes and soulful vocals"[3] with "minimalistic production".[63]

He has been compared to electronic artist James Blake,[62] whom he also names as an influence alongside Radiohead, Shlohmo and Donald Glover.[64] In an interview with Pigeons and Planes, Miller said that his music was inspired by his time growing up in Osaka and by boom bap instrumentals he listened to while attending Canadian Academy.[4]



